=head1 NAME

tpm - tiny password manager

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<tpm> I<COMMAND> I<ENTRY>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

tpm is a tiny shell script which is heavily inspired and largely
compatible with pass(1). Just like pass it uses gpg2(1) to securely
store your passwords, the major difference between pass and tpm is that
the latter is a lot more minimal. Furthermore, tpm is written entirely
in POSIX shell.

Invoking tpm consists of specifying a command either I<insert> or
I<show> and supplying one entry as a target. If I<insert> is specified
as a command tpm will create a new entry and prompt for the
corresponding password. If you specify I<show> as a command tpm will
write the password for the given entry to standard output.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 4

=item B<PASSWORD_STORE_DIR>

The storage directory (default: ~/.password-store).

=item B<PASSWORD_STORE_KEY>

GPG key to encrypt files with (default: self).

=back

=head1 FILES

=over 4

=item I<~/.password-store>

The default storage directory.

=item I<~/.password-store/.gpg-id>

Provided for compatibility with pass(1).

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Create a new entry with a random password using pwgen(1):

	$ pwgen -1 | tpm insert system/new-user

Create a new entry called 'system/root':

	$ tpm insert system/root

Write your 'system/root' password to standard output:

	$ tpm show system/root

Copy your 'system/root' password to the clipboard using xclip(1):

	$ tpm show system/root | tr -d '\n' | xclip

=head1 SEE ALSO

gpg2(1), pass(1), pwgen(1), xclip(1)
